Touching up the April Activity Report (#363)
haiku/website: content/blog/pulkomandy/2020-04-28-haiku_activity_report_april_2020.md

<h3>Outside the source tree</h3>

To celebrate the new beta release, 3dEyes has been working on porting GTK
to Haiku. While of course our main focus remains on native applications using the
BeAPI, it's still a great help for new users if they can find some of their well
known apps at first. The port is nowhere near ready yet, but we've seen some

> screenshots already...

Reviewer: Our forum software seems to have an issue display elipses. It shows "& mldr;" instead of the dots. Better use 3 dots "..." instead.

Reviewer 2: Those are 3 dots. :)

Reviewer: It's the UTF elipsis character that's still displayed (in Otter and Web+ at least) as "& mldr". Three separate dot characters would work around that. The best solution would of course be to make the website correctly display the elipsis...

Reviewer 2: No, I mean that the source for this post is already using 3 dots on line 31 above.

Reviewer: Weird. It's still "& mldr;" on the site... Some 'helpful' auto-conversion somewhere?

<h3>Network</h3>

wpa_supplicant was updated to the latest version. Some problems in the FreeBSD
compatibility layer to reuse FreeBSD network drivers were also fixed.

We also updated from OpenSSL 1.0 to 1.1, as free support for 1.0 is no longer
available.

<h3>Documentation</h3>

Nielx worked on completing some sections of the Haiku Book. We now have documentation
for the new classes in the Layout API (allowing to easily code font-size-sensitive
views and windows).

<h3>Localization</h3>

The keymap lists in the FirstBootPrompt and Keymap preflets are now localized.
Some messages from the Package Kit also are translated.

Application and preflet names are now localized by default, as a poll on
the forums showed that this was the preference of a large majority of users.
And while talking about polls, we also asked about Deskbar settings, which
showed that the current default settings are mostly fine, except the
"Tracker always first" option, which is now enabled by default.

<h3>Unit Tests</h3>

Kyle Ambroff-Kao continues his work on getting the unit tests to run, with
fixes in the Network and Storage Kit tests. These led to the discovery of some

> edge cases where Haiku behavior was different from BeOS. In some, the new

Reviewer: Maybe even better:
```suggestion
edge cases where Haiku behavior was different from BeOS. In some cases, the new
```
[plus, see next comment]

behavior is obviously better (we don't aim for bug-to-bug compatibility with

> BeOS), but in other cases, we decided to follow what BeOS did.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BeOS), but in others, we decided to follow what BeOS did.
```

<h3>Interface Kit</h3>

Support for "transparent" views was added. This allows for a view to let its parent
draw itself, allowing, as the name implies, for some transparency effects. This

> is used in various places (replicant handles, ...) to fix drawing glitches.

Reviewer: Again elipsis -> "..."
